# Unit 14 Homework - Personal Reflection

### The Journey so Far
Working through this boot camp, the biggest takeaway has been that the pace at which I'm learning everything is far too fast for my comfort. That said, being thrust outside my comfort zones has encouraged me to hold myself to a higher standard. It'd be one thing to have an easy going program and coast my way through at a comfortable pace, but then it wouldn't really be a boot camp, would it?

And I think that leads well into my accomplishments. There's been a healthy dose of humility as I've worked through this course, but that humility is not from a place of shame, but rather admiration and respect for my fellow classmates. I am continually looking to learn from them as well as from Hobert and team. That humility has brought me to the realization that while I may have a future in coding and enjoy it immensely, I shouldn't balk at the skills I've gained outside of this program; primarily that of project management. I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the strongest coder in my team, but I do my damndest and wherever I fall short, I've compensated with a focus on awareness of where we're at with progress. Understanding the development process and the technologies in use have made it easier and brought more insight in how to properly delegate and set milestones for the team. Project management always runs the risk of being micromanaging, but I think a strong grasp on the capabilities of the team and the tools we all work with allow us all to operate and take on work in a much more even and coordinated manner.

Looking back on the first week and measuring the change I've experienced, I'd say I've grown in many ways but I'm particularly walking away with a better understanding of how I thrive and operate when facing immense challenge. Being at the same company for 9 years had definitely got me feeling quite comfortable and "nestled" into a routine. But that familiarity brought me to a state of feeling inflexible and potentially losing a sense of creativity. It hasn't been until these recent weeks that I've felt truly creative with my problem solving. It's been a very different pace and dynamic than my work and I honestly haven't felt this refreshed in a very long time. I'm now walking away with a new skill set and a new outlet for creativity. 

### Path to Success
As of writing this, I'm wrapping up this program so there's not much to say in terms of what I hope to accomplish before the course is over. That said, I proud with the resolve I was able to muster to get my assignments in and finish as strong as possible.

After the program, I'd like to turn my brain off for a month, really. I'm in a position where staying with my company really is the more logical option, but this program has brought me to consider other careers paths in development that aren't just coding; things like testing, project management, and technical writing. Until then, I'd like to go through my materials again and start from square one. Now that I've completed the program at the boot camp's pace, I want to re-run through everything at my own pace. I've learned about the importance of networking in the development community and look forward to attending meetups and the like to find out what the community is like in my respective city. In the mean time, I plan to build an application from scratch and slowly iterate it as I progress through the courses materials.

In order to accomplish this, I'll need to find an source of inspiration, naturally. I've yet to figure out what that will be so it may be just recreating an app I already enjoy and then see if I can recreate functionality and how to improve upon that. There are also plenty of coding projects and such to do that would be great practice. I feel like I'm too rusty to start a job hunt (and maybe I'm way off base with that) so working on smaller projects to then iterate off of will keep me fresh.

Looking back on what I wanted to walk away with, I'd hate to feel like not a whole lot has changed, but... not a whole lot will change. My personal life and the pandemic has made the job market incredibly risky and with the level of influence I have in my company it would not be wise to walk away, especially when I'm trying to start a family with my wife. This is purely a strategic move, but in the future, I'd like to think the situations will improve to the point where it makes sense to pursue other opportunities. Hence, I'll continue to learn, I'll continue to improve, and you better believe I'll continue to code.